Oh the happiness I could have had mingling among you hedonists, being counted as one
of you, only if you didn’t fuck the living shit out of me.
You could have been great. I could have been great. Ask yourself what you did to me to have
made me clean the slate.
Only if you could be the victim of your reprehensible and wicked crimes, you Christian
Nazis, you would have brute-restrained your animal urges to fuck me.
You could be at home right now eating your fucking caviar and your fucking cognac, had
you not ravenously raped my soul.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. Can you feel the pain that you
fucked us in, you Descendants of Satan? Well, can you feel it?
All the shit you’ve given me, right back at you with hollow points.
Don’t you just wish you finished me off when you had the chance? Don’t you just wish you
killed me?
You had a hundred billion chances and ways to have avoided today, but you decided to spill
my blood. You forced me into a corner and gave me only one option. The decision was yours.
Now you have blood on your hands that will never wash off, you Apostles of Sin.
Congratulations. You have succeeded in extinguishing my life. Vandalizing my heart wasn’t
enough for you. Raping my soul wasn’t enough for you. Committing emotional sodomy
on me wasn’t enough for you. Every single second wasted on your wanton hedonism and
menacing sadism could have been used to prevent today. Ask yourselves, What was I doing
all this time? All these months, hours, seconds. Only if you could have been the victim of
your crimes. Only if you could have been the victim . . .
To you sadistic snobs, I may be nothing but a piece of dog shit. You have vandalized my
heart, raped my soul, and torched my conscious again and again. You thought it was one
pathetic, void life that you were extinguishing. Thanks to you, I die, like Jesus Christ, to
inspire generations of the Weak and Defenseless people — my Brothers, Sisters, and Chil-
dren — that you fuck.
Like Moses, I spread the sea and lead my people — the Weak, the Defenseless, and the Innocent
Children of all ages that you fucked and will always try to fuck — to eternal freedom. Thanks to
you Sinners, you Spillers of Blood, I set the example of the century for my Children to follow.
You may stand steadfast on the battlefield of your life’s dedication to eternal terrorism Ameri-
can Al-Qaeda, but the Children that you have fucked will rise. By the power greater than God
we will hunt you down, you Lovers of Terrorism, and we will kill you.
Do they wanna fuck us and pretend to be devout Christians? Do they wanna smear dog shit
on our face then give us a dirty towel to wipe away? Do they wanna rape us then give us
stained toilet paper to clean up? Do they wanna cut our throat then give us a used band aid
to patch up? Do they wanna perpetrate endless sessions of crucifixions and holocausts on our
innocent life then go to church and praise the Lord and Jesus? Do they wanna fuck us and
pretend to be Jesus Christ? I say we’re the Jesus Christs, my Brothers, Sisters, and Children.
Jesus Christ exists in us all: Ax Jesus Christ, John Jesus Christ, Jane Jesus Christ, Seung Jesus
Christ, Carlos Jesus Christ, Hakeem Jesus Christ, Mohammad Jesus Christ, Zhang Jesus
Christ, Oliver Jesus Christ, Elizabeth Jesus Christ, Vladimir Jesus Christ. ___________ Jesus
Christ. I say there is no pain they can inflict on us that they haven’t already inflicted. I say
they can’t fuck us any more than they have already done. I say there are no lies they can say
about us that they haven’t already said. I say fuck you, you Descendants of Satan Disguised
as Devout Christians. I say we take up the cross, take up our guns and knives and hammers,
and take no prisoners and spare no lives until our last breath and last ounce of energy.
Seer of Veracity. Seal of the Anti-Terrorist.
Number of the Anti-Terrorist.
You wanna rape us John Mark Karrs? You wanna rape us Debra LaFaves? Fuck you.
By destroying we create. We create the feelings in you of what it is like to be the victim, what
it is like to be fucked and destroyed. Because of your annihilations, we create and raise new
breeds of Children who will show you fuckers what you have done to us. Like Easter, it will
be a day of rebirth. It will be a start of a revolution of the Children that you fucked. You have
never felt a single ounce of pain your whole life, thus, by destroying you, by giving you pain,
we attempt to show you responsibilities and meanings of other people’s lives.
It’s grand for you to fuck us 24/7 for fun, but we can’t have a single minute of harmless
playtime, only suffer. It’s dandy for you to rape us, but we’re not allowed to even speak, only
be raped? Fuck you.
You love to pretend to, but you Hedonists, Charlatans, Sadists, Rapists, Terrorists will never
know the feelings of giving up your lives for a cause. You have never felt a single ounce of
pain in your hedonistic lives. You will never give up a single can of your Bud Light, a shot
of your cognac, or a half-drop of your own precious blood for another human being, only
fuck the shit out of him and lie afterwards. You fucked us, now we fuck you, now we kill
you. There can be no lighter penalty for Masqueraded Democratic Terrorists who commit
unforgivable acts of treason against mankind. There is no where in the world you can run,
you Lovers of Terrorism. There is nowhere in the world you can hide, you Lovers of Sadism.
You will never know when and where the Weak and Defenseless that you fucked will strike
— day, night, at school, in the public, in your home, during your most comfortable hour and
protected place. You will never know how we will kill you — slash your throat, bullet in your
back, torture you with knives, hammers, bolt cutters, scissors. You will always live in fear.
You will never be able to go to school or work or rest or sleep. Your heart will always pound
nonstop. Your sin-ridden soul will slowly eat up your conscious for the heinous crimes you
1 Cho sent a letter to the English department the day of the attack. He used a false name (A. Ishmael)
and false return address: 88 Revol Dr. The number 88 was significant to him but the significance is a
mystery. The “Revol” may be short for “revolution.” See page 20 of the manifesto: “Let the revolution
begin!”