
ATTACK INFORMATION
Event: Jokela High School Massacre.
Targets: Jokelan Lukio (High School Of Jokela), students and faculty, society, humanity, human
race.
Date: 11/7/2007.
Attack Type: Mass murder, political terrorism (altough I choosed the school as target, my motives
for the attack are political and much much deeper and therefore I don’t want this to be called only
as “school shooting”).
Location: Jokela, Tuusula, Finland.
Perpetrator’s name: Pekka-Eric Auvinen (aka NaturalSelector89, Natural Selector, Sturmgeist89 and Sturmgeist). I also use pseydonym Eric von Auffoin internationally.
Weapons: Semi-automatic .22 Sig Sauer Mosquito pistol.
What do I hate / What I don’t like?
Equality, tolerance, human rights, political correctness, hypocrisy, ignorance, enslaving religions
and ideologies, antidepressants, TV soap operas & drama shows, rap -music, mass media,
censorship, political populists, religious fanatics, moral majority, totalitarianism, consumerism,
democracy, pacifism, state mafia, alcholohics, TV commercials, human race.
What do I love / what do I like?
Existentialism, self-awareness, freedom, justice, truth, moral & political philosophy, personal &
social psychology, evolution science, political incorrectness, guns, shooting, BDSM, computers,
internet, aggressive electronic and industrial rock & metal music, violent movies, , FPS –computer
games, sarcasm, irony, black humour, macabre artm mass & serial killer cases, natural disasters,
eugenics
Natural Selector’s Manifesto
How Did Natural Selection Turn Into Idiocratic Selection?
Today the process of natural selection is totally misguided. It has reversed. Human race has been
devolving very long time for now. Retarded and stupid , weak-minded people are reproducing more
and faster than the intelligent, strong-minded people. Laws protect the retarded majority which
selects the leaders of society. Modern human race has not only betrayed its ancestors, but the future
generations too. Homo Sapiens, HAH! It is more like a Homo Idioticus to me! When I look at
people I see every day in society, school and everywhere... I can’t say I belong to same race as the
lousy, miserable, arrogant, selfish human race! No! I have evolved one step above!
Naturality has been discriminated through religions, ideologies, laws and other mass delusion
systems. Individual, who is going through his/hers natural power process and trying to live
naturally, but is being told that the way he acts or thinks is wrong and stupid, will usually have
some reactions which might be considered as "psychological disorders" by the establishment. In
reality they are just natural reactions to the disruption of natural power process. They will have
some of the following (depending on individual's personality): feelings of inferiority / superiority,
hostility, aggression, frustration, depression, self-hatred / hatred towards other people, suicidal /
homicidal thought etc... and it is completely normal.
Humans are just a species among other animals and world does not exist only for humans. Death
and killing is not a tragedy, it happens in nature all the time between all species. Not all human lives
are important or worth saving. Only superior (intelligent, self-aware, strong-minded) individuals
should survive while inferior (stupid, retarded, weak-minded masses) should perish.
There is also another solution to the problem: stupid people as slaves and intelligent people as free.
What I mean is that they who have free minds, are capable of intelligent existential and
philosophical thinking and know what justice is, should be free and rulers... and the robotic masses,
they can be slaves since they do not mind it now either and because their minds are on so retarded
level. The gangsters that now rule societies, would of course get what they deserve.
Of course there is a final solution too: death of entire human race. It would solve every problem of
humanity. The faster human race is wiped out from this planet, the better... no one should be left
alive. I have no mercy for the scum of earth, the pathetic human race.
Collective Deindividualization: Totalitarianism & Delusions Of Democracy
Collective deindividualization is a phenomenon where individual will be trained as part of the
mindless herd controlled by state, corporation, church or some other organization, group, ideology,
religion or mass delusion system and adopt it's rules, morality and codes of conduct. This
phenomenon has been familiar in all despotic, authoritarian, totalitarian, monarchist, communist,
socialist, nazi, fascist and religious societies troughout history. Also, the modern western
democratic republics have the same phenomenon. It is just done so that people will think they are
free and don't realize they are being enslaved. Majority of people in society are weak-minded and
ignorant retards, masses that act like programmed robots and accept voluntarily slavery. But not
me! I am self-aware and realize what is going on in society! I have a free mind! And I choose to be
free rather than live like a robot or slave. You can say I have a “god complex”, sure... then you have
a “group complex”! Compared to you retarded masses, I am actually godlike.